Questions below are from the MOOC

How to read:
Q: Question being asked
List of answers: The possible answers to be chosen
A: The final answer(s)

Example
Q: Why are robot representations important?
1. To define performance metrics associated with specific tasks.
2. To formally define tasks.
3. To have robots communicate with each other.
A: 1, 2

In this example, there are answers 1, 2, and 3. The last line says answers 1 and 2 are correct.

Q: Where do robots get representations from?
1. From the planning module.
2. From the designer.
3. From the observations.
4. From the model of the controlled plant.
A: 2

Q: What are some examples of validd representations in the Duckietown world?
1. Spherical topography, GPS coordinates.
2. Duckietown-tile grid map (each city tile is a cell).
3. Road network graph (nodes are intersections, edges are drivable roads).
4. Feature-based map, where features could be line segments, traffic signs, etc.
A: 1, 2, 3, 4

Q: How do we quantify representations?
1. With state variables.
2. With numbers.
3. With models.
4. With algorithms.
A: 1

Q: Can we calculate the uniqie "true pose" of a Duckiebot at a given instant of time?
1. Yes
2. No
3. It's impossible to tell with the provided information.
A: 2 but, 3 should be an acceptable answer (in my opinion)

Skip this question if the matrix math is being described in a more hand-wavy fashion
Q: What is special about rotation matrices?
1. They are particularly symmetric.
2. They are particularly square.
3. They are particularly easy to invert.
4. They are particularly easy to calculate.
A: 3

Q: How can we express the pose of any point in the world?
1. Through elements of the Special Orthogonal group.
2. Through rotations.
3. Through elements of the Special Euclidean group.
4. Through translations
A: 3

Q: Why do we introduce SE(2)?
1. For the sake of completeness.
2. To provide a structure to analyze n-dimensional representations.
3. Because they're the only way to express poses w.r.t. different reference frames.
4. Because its elements allow one to "move between frames" with matrix multiplication operations.
A: 4

Q: What is the purpose of mathematical modeling?
1. To represent the real physical processes that describe the behavior of the system with 100% accuracy.
2. To predict the future behavior of the system.
3. To understand the influence of various parameters on the variables of interest to us.
4. To obtain an actionable mathematical infrastructure to analyze and solve problems.
A: 2, 3, 4

Q: What is a differential drive vehicle?
1. A vehicle with a swappable gearbox.
2. A vehicle with four controlled wheels, two of which push, two of which steer.
3. A vehicle with two controlled wheels, each of which is driven independently.
4. A vehicle with four-wheel drive.
A: 3

Q: What kind of model have we derived for our Duckiebot?
1. A static model.
2. A learning-based model.
3. A Kinematic model.
4. A dynamic model.
A: 3

Q: Why is the kinematics model of the Duckiebot wrong?
1. The Duckiebot has a mass!
2. The Duckiebot has friction(s)!
3. The Duckiebot is not symmetric!
4. The Duckiebot is not a differential drive vehicle!
A: 1, 2, 3

Q: Why is the kinematics model of the Duckiebot useful?
1. It captures the fundamental input-output behavior of the vehicle.
2. It offers guidelines on factors that will influence the driving experience.
3. It allows us to improve the Duckiebot design.
4. It is the most realistic model we could have come up with.
5. It is a good compromise of simplicity and descriptive power.
A: 1, 2, 5

Skip this question unless slides are edited to cover this. I did not cover the inverse kinematics model in my slides
Q: What is the output of the inverse kinematics model?
1. Angular velocities of the wheels.
2. Wheel radii and baseline.
3. Desired robot linear and angular speed.
4. The pose of the robot.
A: 1

Same as last question. Skip unless slides are edited to cover forward and inverse kinematics.
Q: What is the input to the forward kinematics model?
1. Angular velocities of the wheels.
2. Wheel radii and baseline.
3. Desired robot linear and angular speed.
4. The pose of the robot.
A: 1

Q: What action should we take to account for our assumption that there is no slipping?
1. Only drive on the Duckietown road tiles.
2. Change the robot wheels so it doesn't slip on any surface.
3. Lower the robot's speed until it doesn't slip.
4. Drive as fast as you can and try to "break" the model.
A: 3

Q: Looking at the model, what is the expected outcome of having a loose battery on the Duckiebot?
1. The robot will go unstable.
2. The robot will not drive straight.
3. The center of mass of the robot will change over time.
A: 3. Technically, all are true but, 3 leads to the other 2 answers.

Q: What is the forward kinematics particularly useful for?
1. To fix the Duckiebot.
2. To drive the Duckiebot.
3. To predict the future pose of the Duckiebot.
4. To predict the future pose of Duckies on the road.
A: 3

Q: What is inverse kinematics particularly useful for?
1. To fix the Duckiebot.
2. To drive the Duckiebot.
3. To predict the future pose of the Duckiebot.
4. To predict the future pose of Duckies on the road.
A: 1

Q: If your robot turns "on the spot", what is happening?
1. The same command is being sent to both wheels.
2. The wheels have equal but opposite linear velocities.
3. One of the wheels is receiving a zero velocity command.
4. The instantaneous center of curvature is moving on an n-dimensional hyperplane, where n is the number of duckies in line of sight.
A: 2. A common wrong answer might be 3 but, that is wrong b/c the car is turning + moving in a different direction.
This question is asking for what happens if a robot is staying in the same position.

Q: What practical information do we need to use the differential drive model in the real world?
1. The baseline (L)
2. The omnidirectional wheel friction coefficient (k_omni)
3. The wheel radius (R)
4. The motor constants
A: 1, 3, 4

Q: What is odometry useful for?
1. To have the Duckiebot propagate its belief.
2. To have the Duckiebot estimate its current and future pose.
3. To enable Duckiebots to update the internal notion of their position in the world.
A: 1, 2, 3

Q: What is a common problem of odometry?
1. The estimate of the pose drifts from the true pose.
2. It is computationally intensive and it introduces delays.
3. It requires having wheel encoders.
4. It is completely arbitrary because the initial pose is unknown.
A: 1

Q: What do wheel encoders do?
1. Measure the wheel's traveled distance.
2. Measure the wheel's average speed in a certain time interval.
3. Measure the motor rotation.
4. Measure the vehicle's angular speed.
A: 3

Q: Given a motion model and an initial condition, what is the first step to solving the odometry problem?
1. Placing a Duckie on the Duckiebot.
2. Project the vehicle's displacements in the world frame.
3. Infer the vehicle's linear and angular displacements.
4. Count the ticks from the encoders and obtain the wheel displacements.
A: 4

Q: Given a motion model and an initial condition, what is the second step to solving the odometry problem?
1. Infer the vehicle's linear and angular displacements.
2. Count the ticks from the encoders and obtain the wheel displacements.
3. Add more Duckies on the Duckiebot.
4. Project the vehicle's displacements in the world frame.
A: 1

This question feels a little too specific
Q: Given a motion model and an initial condition, what is the third step to solving the odometry problem?
1. Infer the vehicle's linear and angular displacements.
2. Ensure all the Duckies on the Duckiebot are secured.
3. Project the vehicle's displacements in the world frame.
4. Count the ticks from the encoders and obtain the wheel displacements.
A: 3

Questions below are the ones I (Duncan) made
Q: What are the 2 frames we are working with?
1. Robot and Duckiematrix map
2. Robot and World
3. World and Duckiematrix map
4. World and Duckiebot's Camera
A: 2

Q: Convert (some random x) and (some random y) into polar coordinates.
A: R = sqrt(x*x + y*y) and alpha = atan(y/x)

Q: How fast is the Duckiebot traveling given (some random radius) and (some random angular velocity given at radians/sec)?
A: radius * angular velocity = linear velocity

Q: Continuing from the previous problem, how far away is the Duckiebot after (some random time)?
A: linear velocity * time = distance

Q: Where is the center of gravity of the Duckiebot?
1. Inside the Duckiebot
2. Duckiebot camera
3. Midpoint between wheels
4. In front of the midpoint between the wheels
A: 4

Q: What purpose does ROS serve?
1. Act as the middleware for the Duckiebot
2. Act as the operating system for the Duckiebot
3. Act as the compiler for code
A: 1

Q: What are the 3 components of a ROS node that allows it to communicate with other nodes? (short answer question)
A: Publisher, Topic, Subscriber

Q: What assumptions are we making about the Duckiebot when calculating its next state?
1. There is no slipping on the wheels.
2. Symmetric mass on both sides of the Duckiebot.
3. Perfectly shaped wheels.
4. Identical wheels.
A: 1, 2, 3, 4
